Hey welcome to the next section.
So this section is a bit different than everything else.
I mean I guess you could say that for every section hopefully.
But the structure is pretty different because it's all challenges it's all exercises.
So the way that this will work is you're going to practice all the commands you've seen up until this
point.
Everything from creating a database and switching and using the database to creating your tables and
defining schema to then doing that basic Kroto operations we've talked about creating reading updating
and deleting data all that stuff all those commands that are associated with that you'll be practicing
them all at once.
In this section and it's not just one giant video I broke it up into kind of logical hopefully sections
that make sense.
They'll go through you know the Create section will create data together and then you'll do exercises
with it and we'll be working with all the same data.
So we get all the same answers which is really important that you know if you're following along and
you're trying to update something that your update looks the same as mine.
So the data that we'll be working with has to do with inventory management has to do with let's say
a clothing company an online clothing retailer or maybe just our closet.
We're just doing a inventory of my closet I need to figure out what fits what doesn't fit what colors
are there what shirts have holes.
I didn't know what to give away to charity what to burn in a pile if that's what you do.
All that stuff.
And you know we all have different types of shirts.
I got props again.
You know short sleeves we've got long sleeves and the under appreciated and elusive three quarter length
sleeve.
Not to mention things like you know Hawaiian shirts or even Hawaiian shirts of different colors to he
didn't see that coming like that.
Another Hawaiian shirt.
Yeah.
Should probably stop this video of him.
So let's get on with the exercises.
Coming up a whole bunch of exercises around Schertz.